## Sandy Hook Overrun by Mockingbirds
2022-10-23

We went back to Sandy Hook today early in the morning with the help of some espresso. It was a cloudy day with some drizzling that wasn't ideal for photos but I was too excited to go back. This time we decided to walk around the shore before going to Plum Island where we saw large groups of gulls alongside fishermen. You can see New York City from the shore and I got some interesting shots of fishermen with the city behind them.

Today the parking lot was overrun by [[Northern Mockingbird]]s, saw at least 30 of them making their persistent noisy calls. Plum Island had plenty of [[Yellow-rumped Warbler]]s but I was disappointed to not find the [[Eastern Towhee]] rummaging through the brush like yesterday. We saw a [[Great Egret]] and two [[Great Blue Heron]]s on Plum Island's shore but they flew away before we got within photo range (wearing all black probably isn't the best beach camo). We also saw some [[Red-winged Blackbird]]s wearing their non-breading plumage. It was odd seeing them quiet without their distinct Spring-time calls. Similarly my favorite sparrow, the [[White-throated Sparrow]], wasn't singing their Spring-time song but I always love seeing them. Excited to come back with better weather!

### Locations/Sightings

-> #location/SandyHook-NJ

- [[Swamp Sparrow]]
- [[Great Blue Heron]]
- [[Great Egret]]
- [[California Gull]]
- [[Song Sparrow]]
- [[Yellow-rumped Warbler]]
- [[Northern Mockingbird]]
- [[White-throated Sparrow]]
- [[Red-winged Blackbird]]
- [[Mallard Duck]]
- [[Marsh Wren]]
- [[House Finch]]
- [[Northern Mockingbird]]
- [[American Crow]]